Document release workflow (#832)
digitalfabrik/entitlementcard: docs/development-setup.md

5. Run `flutter pub get` in `frontend/`
6. Execute the "Run Flutter" (upper right corner of IDE) configuration from within IntelliJ

As there are several services running and interacting some ports need to be forwarded.

> This includes the backend port 8000 and the graphql endpoints at 5002.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes the backend port 8000 and the map tiles at port 5002.
```
